chore(blog): add the August summary (#4370)
asyncapi/website: markdown/blog/2025-august-summary.md

<a href='https://www.aklivity.io' target='_blank'>
<img src='/img/sponsors/aklivity_logo.png' alt='Aklivity' width='500px' />
</a>

## AsyncAPI Conferences 2025
We still have a few Call for Speakers opportunities available for our upcoming conferences. Please help us share these, and also encourage the community to submit proposals. We want to hear and learn from you. 

We have the:
- [AsyncAPI Online Conference](https://conference.asyncapi.com/venue/Online) submissions are closing on **7th September.**
- [AsyncAPI Paris Edition submissions](https://conference.asyncapi.com/venue/Paris) are closing on **5th October** (*make sure to select the "**AsyncAPI**" track when submitting your proposal*).
- [AsyncAPI Summit at DeveloperWeek 2026](https://confengine.com/conferences/asyncapi-summit-at-developerweek2026) is closing on **7th November**.

### London 2025

We have less than three weeks until the AsyncAPI London Edition, and we are excited to share that we have **FREE Community Tickets** to give to our community members.

> This year's conference features an impressive lineup of speakers; [be sure to check the agenda on the conference website](https://conference.asyncapi.com/venue/London) soon (*we are still finalising the scheduling*).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This year's conference features an impressive lineup of speakers; be sure to [check the agenda on the conference website](https://conference.asyncapi.com/venue/London) soon (*we are still finalising the scheduling*).
```

To redeem your ticket, please follow these simple steps:

1. Click on the [ticket link](https://ticket.apidays.global/event/apidays-london-2025/72d72730-dbf4-47d0-aa07-aa9da87d28ca?_gl=1*1ym95pg*_gcl_au*MTEzNDE5MTY3MC4xNzQzNjg5MDky).
2. Select one ticket from the **Apidays London Regular Tickets**.
3. Use the code "**AsyncAPIVIP**" to redeem your free ticket.
4. Fill in your details, and we’ll see you at the event!

### Bangalore 2025

> The first batch of speakers for the [AsyncAPI Bangalore Edition is now live on the conference website](https://conference.asyncapi.com/#speakers). We are currently working with the organisers to secure additional speaker slots for the AsyncAPI track. Once finalised, we will update the conference website with the agenda.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[The first batch of speakers for the AsyncAPI Bangalore Edition is now live on the conference website](https://conference.asyncapi.com/#speakers). We are currently working with the organisers to secure additional speaker slots for the AsyncAPI track. Once finalised, we will update the conference website with the agenda.
```

> Please keep an eye on the `#07_events` [channel on Slack](https://asyncapi.slack.com/archives/C023A76SV2Q) for announcements on the progress, scheduling, and ticket updates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please keep an eye on the [`#07_events` channel on Slack](https://asyncapi.slack.com/archives/C023A76SV2Q) for announcements on the progress, scheduling, and ticket updates.
```

They added various maintainer roles on the repository, including triagers, champions, and committers, each with different scopes and responsibilities. Be sure to check out the [AsyncAPI Generator Contribution Guide](https://github.com/asyncapi/generator/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) to learn more about the changes happening in the repository.

## AsyncAPI Documentation Report 2025

Over the past few months, I have been working together with docs contributors to improve the AsyncAPI community documentation, complete the pending style guide documentation, and improve the structure of the community repository.

And I'm very excited to share what we have achieved so far.

1. **Community to Website Repo Workflow**: To achieve our goal of integrating community documentation onto the website, we needed a workflow that automatically pushes all merged documents from the community repository to the website and deploys them live. [Animesh Kumar](https://github.com/animeshk923) led this contribution, [and we now have a functioning workflow in place](https://github.com/asyncapi/community/blob/master/.github/workflows/update-docs-in-website.yml).

> 2. **Expand Community Documentation**: We lacked enough onboarding materials for diverse roles we have in the community, such as documentation contributors, code contributors, ambassadors, maintainers, etc, it made the onboarding experience not efficient, and to reduce the number of onboarding calls, [Anton Zolotukhin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/mister-gold) and I co-mentored as part of the 2024 Mentorship Program. The hard work of [Ezinne Anne Emilia](https://github.com/ezinneanne) and [Prince Onyeanuna](https://github.com/Aahil13), is now part of the[ community content bucket, live on the AsyncAPI website](https://www.asyncapi.com/docs/community/000-onboarding).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. **Expand Community Documentation**: We lacked enough onboarding materials for diverse roles we have in the community, such as documentation contributors, code contributors, ambassadors, maintainers, etc, it made the onboarding experience not efficient, and to reduce the number of onboarding calls, [Anton Zolotukhin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/mister-gold) and I co-mentored as part of the 2024 Mentorship Program. The hard work of [Ezinne Anne Emilia](https://github.com/ezinneanne) and [Prince Onyeanuna](https://github.com/Aahil13), is now part of the [community content bucket, live on the AsyncAPI website](https://www.asyncapi.com/docs/community/000-onboarding).
```

> 2. **Expand Community Documentation**: Due to the lack of enough onboarding materials for the diverse roles we have in the community, such as documentation contributors, code contributors, ambassadors, maintainers, etc, it made the onboarding experience not efficient, and to reduce the number of onboarding calls, [Anton Zolotukhin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/mister-gold) and I co-mentored as part of the 2024 Mentorship Program. The hard work of [Ezinne Anne Emilia](https://github.com/ezinneanne) and [Prince Onyeanuna](https://github.com/Aahil13), is now part of the[ community content bucket, live on the AsyncAPI website](https://www.asyncapi.com/docs/community/000-onboarding).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. **Expand Community Documentation**: We lacked sufficient onboarding materials for diverse roles like documentation and code contributors, ambassadors, and maintainers. To make onboarding experience more efficient and reduce the number of onboarding calls, [Anton Zolotukhin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/mister-gold) and I co-mentored as part of the 2024 Mentorship Program. The hard work of [Ezinne Anne Emilia](https://github.com/ezinneanne) and [Prince Onyeanuna](https://github.com/Aahil13), is now part of the [community content bucket, live on the AsyncAPI website](https://www.asyncapi.com/docs/community/000-onboarding).
```

Reviewer: @thulieblack The last correction here for the misplaced bracket in the "community content bucket" wasn't fixed yet

Author: thanks I missed it. Fixed
